Converting existing projects is just as easy as importing new Maven projects.
If you have a POM file in your application,
you can convert any Java project to a Maven project.
If you don't have a POM file, it's really pretty easy to create one quite fast.
You can right‑click on your project containing your POM file and
go to configure and convert to Maven project,
and it will give you a little fly out where you can specify that
you want to convert it to a Maven project.
Once your project has been converted,
the class path will automatically be set, and it will build the
project and let you know of any errors that it may encounter or
whether it built successfully or not. Let's try this out with a sample project I've created now.